[docs] supply/upload_to_play_store - update the quick-start requirement to setup supply correctly (#17057)
fastlane/fastlane: fastlane/lib/fastlane/actions/docs/upload_to_play_store.md

## Quick Start

> > Before use _supply_ correctly to connect with PlayStore, you'll need setup your app manually first, uploading an only build to PlayStore, at least. Take a look into [fastane/fastlane#14686](https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane/issues/14686) to have a better understanding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before using _supply_ to connect to Google Play Store, you'll need to set up your app manually first by uploading at least one build to Google Play Store. See [fastane/fastlane#14686](https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane/issues/14686) for more info.
```
